So the navigation of our application is pretty much going well at this point because we were able to
have this part, at least of our whole app done right.
So we have the splash screen, we have a wonderful animation.
And then once the splash screen is done and playing and we go to our logging or create account screens,
and we saw that we could also reuse our composable because we're talking about text fields and so forth.
So we created something clever here where we can toggle to see whether it be logging, whether the user
is going to be logging in or creating an account.
OK.
So this is really good to know because you can use this strategy in your own applications.
In fact, I recommend you do so to foster the reusability of composable functions.
OK, so we've done this first part.
There's still more to do, but at least we should be happy that we have that infrastructure set up for
us.
The next thing we need to do, of course, you would think it would be to go straight and look at the
homescreen, but instead we are now going to implement a few things.
First of all, we're going to create accounts using, of course, Firebase and also log in.
So we're going to log in users if we have them and create or create account or should say those same
users.
So this is what I'm going to do next using Firebase.